initial structure of configuration-template (#1)
crossplane/configuration-template: README.md

# configuration-template

A template for writing a [Configuration].

To use this template:
1. Replace the name, metadata in crossplane.yaml to reflect your Configuration.
2. Add dependencies in crossplane.yaml

> 3. Add your XRD, and Compositions in the `apis/` directory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Update the sample CompositeResourceDefinition and Composition in the `apis/` directory to reflect the API you're designing for your platform, and optionally add more if needed
```

4. (Optionally) Add examples in the `examples/` directory
5. Update this file, `README.md`, to be about your Configuration!

To build a Configuration package, use the Crossplane CLI:
```shell
# Just builds the package. It will go through the repo and collect yaml files.
# Furthermore it will by default check for examples in `./examples` and add them to the package.
crossplane xpkg build

# You can specify various options for the build command, if needed
crossplane xpkg build --package-root=test-directory --output=test-package.xpkg --examples-root=/test-examples
```

> Push the package to a registry:

Reviewer: mention `xpkg login` too?

```shell
crossplane xpkg push test-package.xpkg your-org/your-repo:v1.0.0
```

More info on the Crossplane CLI can be found [here][xp-cli].

Check out the Crossplane docs for more information on [creating] Configurations.

> [Configuration]: https://docs.crossplane.io/v1.14/concepts/packages

Reviewer: let's update these docs links to use `latest` instead of v1.14, so they won't go out of date

# configuration-template

A template for writing a [Configuration].

To use this template:
1. Replace the name, metadata in crossplane.yaml to reflect your Configuration.
2. Add dependencies in crossplane.yaml.
3. Update the sample CompositeResourceDefinition and Composition in the `apis/`
   directory to reflect the API you're designing for your platform, and optionally add more if needed.
4. Add/Update examples in the `examples/` directory.
5. Update this file, `README.md`, to be about your Configuration!

To build a Configuration package, use the Crossplane CLI:
```shell
# Just builds the package. It will go through the repo and collect yaml files.
# Furthermore it will by default check for examples in `./examples` and add them to the package.
crossplane xpkg build

# You can specify various options for the build command, if needed

> crossplane xpkg build --package-root=test-directory --output=test-package.xpkg --examples-root=/test-examples

Reviewer: this longer form command has a couple issues:

* the `--output` flag doesn't exist, apparently it's `-o` or `--package-file` 🤔 
* the test-examples dir doesn't exist

To avoid folks copying/pasting this command and getting confused when it doesn't work, how about this form which will work while still showing them all the flags they can optionally use?
```
crossplane xpkg build --package-root=. --package-file=test-package.xpkg --examples-root=./examples
```

```

(Optionally) Login to the default xpkg.upbound.io registry:
```shell
crossplane xpkg login
```

Push the package to a registry:
```shell

> crossplane xpkg push test-package.xpkg your-org/your-repo:v1.0.0

Reviewer: `-f` is needed here, e.g.:
```
❯ crossplane xpkg push -f test-package.xpkg your-org/your-repo:v1.0.0
```
